hey whats up youtube it's the boss Ella
and I'm here really quickly to give you
a little tip on cleaning your brushes
for you make up artist if you're out and
you have a lot of faces to do and you
don't have time to clean your brushes
with brush cleaner and maybe you don't
want to use the alcohol alcohol I have a
quick and easy solution y'all know what
this is this is a little bun that I use
to put my hair up our donut little hair
thing that I used to put my hair up and
abundant course you wouldn't use the one
that you use on your hair when you're
doing faces because you can buy brand
new and see what it looks like up close
this is what it looks like up close well
when I'm doing makeup I just slide it on
my arm like so I have a lot of people to
do you want elbows actually if I have a
lot of people to do then I put it on my
arm I know it's not really like super
cute but it's practical I'm telling you
and I got three brushes here and i'm
going to use let's do this one this has
a black in it this is a smoky palette by
profusion and let's say that i'm doing
some faces and I got this black eye
shadow y'all see I got this black eye
shadow I'll show you all that is black
look I'm on hand see you're super black
see that say i got these faces that I'm
doing and I'm like oh my god I need to
use this brush or another color right
quick well I would simply brush this
little hair scratchy that i have on my
arm like so just real quick y'all
watching me do it and then look see that
this is the same brush okay let's do it
again so y'all get it let's do the blue
this huh I say we just like really
painting some blue just paint it on baby
got the blue going pot out but a bing
bada boom we paint blue
look here I'm like oh my god I need to
use this brush you see that blue is
coming out of this brush so i simply
just hit them a little wrist like that
by them and then looker here no blue no
blue you'll see that same brush fam so
fresh eye shadow don't have time to
clean it well now you do put this little
hair on your arm and get busy all right
well I hope this was helpful I will talk
to y'all later love you bye this is a
bun I guess the bun shaper you put your
hair through here and then you know so
you can do all this with this little
hair tool that's really for your bun and
when you brush your brush on here it
simply just allows you to do a quick
cleaning I mean an instant cleaning so
this is it